[PROFESSOR] So, it would
appear our latest attempt
to stomp out powerful
tians has failed.
[GENERAL] I'd say our strategy
had a few holes.
[PROFESSOR] The original
plan was for us to give
the little sister
poisoned remberries
that she would share
with her big sister,
but for some unknown reason,
all the remberries had
vanished from stores.
Therefore, we ended up
having to send in
some Demi‐Drag‐Worms instead.
[GENERAL] The chief issue here
is that our back‐up plan
was also foiled.
[PROFESSOR]
That bear is far too strong!
He took on nearly a
hundred Demi‐Drags!
[GENERAL]
I could handle that much.
But a jobless level‐zero
defeating even
a single Demi‐Drag‐Worm?
I've never heard of such
a ridiculous feat before.
[PROFESSOR] Dear me, so it's not
the bear that has you on edge,
General. It's the rank beginner?
[GENERAL] Heh. I look forward
to wiping him out.
King of Beasts, you've
been quiet all this time.
Anything to add?
[KING OF BEASTS]
I thought the bear was cute.
[PROFESSOR laughing]
[GENERAL] I'll never understand
your taste, King.
[SHU]
A toast!
Here's to Ray's arrival and
his first quest cleared!
Cheers, grizz! Now, please,
eat. Enjoy yourself.
So good!
[SHU] The owner here is the
top‐class Star Chef, grizz.
Like a three‐star chef
in the real world.
[RAY]
"Hungry"?
[SHU] You'll get updates
if anything happens IRL.
[RAY]
Oh, okay.
Let me just logout
for a quick minute.
What? You can't!
Please, Master, I won't be able
to eat without you here!
Come on, you're gonna be
fine. I'll be right back.
[REIJI] Whoa... It's hard
to believe only a third
of that time actually
passed, man.
Well, guess I better
take care of business.
[SHU]
Welcome back, grizz!
[NEMESIS screams]
I was hungry.
[SHU]
Worry not, grizz.
[NEMESIS laughing]
[SHU]
Time for round two!
Hey, bro, if I'm
understanding all of this right,
Embryos will change their
shape as they evolve.
So will my Nemesis change
out of this human form?
[SHU] Evolution style
is all up to the Master.
However, Nemesis will probably
always be a Maiden.
The Arms portion might evolve
into a different type,
but Maiden is already a hybrid,
it's like a mixture
of multiple types.
Whoa. Seems I might've
hit the jackpot.
Oh, and I'm the jackpot, huh?
[SHU] I know another player
with a Maiden Embryo.
The secondary type changed
in many different ways.
And now, she's
a Superior Embryo.
I don't know what that means.
[SHU] A first to third‐form
Embryo is low‐rank.
From fourth to sixth
form, it's high.
And when it reaches its seventh
and also ultimate form,
it's considered to be
a Superior Embryo.
This title is given because it's
surpassed the highest rank.
There's an even higher form.
I wonder if we'll get there.
[SHU]
Fewer than a hundred players
have reached that point, though.
So. Just how far has
your Embryo evolved?
[SHU]
That's a secret, grizz. Nom.
Hey, I've kinda been wondering,
do you and Liliana have
like a "past" together?
It totally looked like
she knew you to me.
[SHU]
Grizz...
Don't tell me you did something.
[SHU] She resents me because
I did not do something.
Huh? What does that mean?
[SHU] Six months back in Dendro
time, Dryfe Imperium,
the land of machines,
waged war on the Altar Kingdom.
The Altar Kingdom lost that war.
They also lost a third
of their territory.
From their tians,
they lost the Ark Sage
and half their knights,
as well as their king.
So is Dryfe just more powerful?
[SHU] No, the two countries were
evenly matched in might.
It's just that most of Altar's
Masters didn't participate.
[gasps]
[SHU]
For some unknown reason,
the king decided not
to give out prizes.
Meanwhile, the opposing Dryfe
had set clear prize standards.
That said, the real
nail in Altar's coffin
was the Big Three
sitting out the war.
King of Destruction,
real name unknown,
at the top of the kill rankings.
Over Gladiator Figaro,
at the top of the duel rankings.
And High Priestess Tsukiyo Fuso,
leader of the
Lunar Society clan,
at the top of the clan rankings.
Since the top players in each
rank refused to take part,
most of the other
ranking players
decided not to fight as well.
To make things worse,
only ranked players
and clans were allowed to
participate in the first place.
Oh, I get it.
[SHU]
Dryfe's top three, though...
They were all there
in the fight.
Altar was practically trampled.
The kingdom was headed
straight for total ruination.
Luckily for Altar,
Dryfe's neighbor, Caldina,
invaded them mid‐war,
so Dryfe withdrew from Altar.
Right. And that's what made
Liliana resent you because...
[SHU] Because I'm one
of the ranking members
who refused to take
part in the war.
And... the last
Knight commander,
who died in the war,
was her father.
[gasps] Oh, man.
Why'd you choose not to fight?
[SHU] With me, broken gear
means a blown cover.
Seriously? You kept your
default real‐world looks?
[SHU]
Whoopsie, grizz.
[sighs] I guess in your case,
yeah, that would be kinda bad.
[SHU]
I've changed my equipment since.
I'll be in the next one.
So do you think Dryfe
is gonna attack again?
[SHU]
I do.
They've been beefing
themselves up
while our side has been
getting weaker.
It will most certainly be
a very tough fight to bear.
[RAY]
Getting weaker?
[SHU] Lots of players immigrated
to other lands after Altar lost.
Shuffled 70% of
the rankings, too.
Which means this could be
the perfect chance for me
to make the rankings.
[NEMESIS] Sounds like you've
found yourself a new goal.
Yeah! We're gonna have
to get me leveled up
so I can become
a ranking player!
[SHU]
Wonderful. But first of all,
you'll need to get your gear in
order and find yourself a job.
[SHU]
You okay for weapons, grizz?
Yep. I think Nemesis'll
do as a weapon.
"Nemesis will do"? No, sir!
I think you meant to say,
"Nemesis is the best around"!
Nemesis is the best around.
Tch. You should try saying
it like ya mean it.
[SHU]
And now to get a job, grizz.
The Suitable Job
Diagnostics Catalog!
It'll tell you the best jobs
available for you
right now, grizz!
Well, that's convenient!
Let's see what we got here.
Oh! Paladin.
[SHU]
That's odd.
Usually you can't become a
high‐rank Paladin so early on.
[RAY]
That's high‐rank?
[SHU]
Correct.
There are low‐rank and high‐rank
as well as Superior jobs.
Wait, so jobs can be Superior?
[SHU] Yes, but only one person
can hold the Superior rank
for each job. And the
requirements are pretty strict.
Do you know the
requirements for a Paladin?
[SHU]
You have to defeat at least
50% of Demi‐Dragon‐class
boss monsters yourself.
Wow, Demi‐Dragon‐class.
You did beat those
gross centipedes.
True!
[SHU] And donate 200,000
lir to the church.
If I sell my items,
I bet I could get more than
400,000 thousand lir!
[SHU] Finally, you must
get a recommendation
from a key Knight
or related figure.
Ah... Okay, well that's
something I don't have yet.
I disagree. If what
you got yesterday
wasn't a recommendation,
I don't know what is.
[SHU]
Ah...
So it seems that was the main
reward from yesterday's quest!
Uh.
[inaudible]
[RAY]
Thanks for everything, big bro.
[SHU]
Sure!
Good luck on your own
from here on out.
Except he's not on
his own cause I'm here.
[SHU] If things get unbearable,
just let me know, grizz.
Okay.
[SHU]
Bearwell!
Oh, this is so exciting!
I can't wait to get you
leveled up, Master!
[laughs]
On this night, I have an
unquenchable thirst for blood!
Um, it's still light out.
[RAY yells]
[GOBLIN A groans]
All in a day's work!
I'm practically
invincible right now!
[NEMESIS]
You've gained three levels
and learned some skills, too.
That recovery magic
is pretty cool, huh?
[GOBLINS grunting, laughing]
[NEMESIS] Aww. Looks like those
two are having a hard time.
Yeah, sure does.
It would be a little rude just
to barge in with an assist.
I know!
First Heal!
[BOTH gasp]
[ROOK]
Much appreciated!
[BABYLON]
Thank you!
[RAY chuckles]
[swords clanging]
[ROOK grunting]
[GOBLIN B groans]
[RAY]
First Heal!
Hey. Thank you so much
for healing us!
All better!
Sure! My name's Ray Starling.
I actually started
Dendro yesterday.
Hello, Ray. I'm Rook.
Funny enough, I only joined
up yesterday, as well!
And I'm Babi‐Babylon. Oh!
And I am an Embryo
Type Guardian!
[NEMESIS] It's not often you see
a Guardian that's a humanoid.
You might wanna stop
staring, it's kinda rude.
I'm sorry. Couldn't
help it, she's rare.
Greetings. I just so happen to
be Embryo Type Maiden‐Arms,
the name's Nemesis.
She's a Guardian?
But I thought they were all
supposed to look
more like monsters.
True, but Babi is a succubus!
She's sexy and super‐duper cute,
and oh‐so drool‐worthy!
[ROOK]
...it's embarrassing!
Oh no, Rook!
Are you ashamed of Babi?
No, of course I'm not.
It's just, well, you
flaunting your assets
is really just telling people
what's in my mind,
and that makes me feel funny.
[RAY chuckles]
[NEMESIS]
Huh.
Anyway, as a thank you
for being so helpful,
how about we go and grab a bite?
I always like the idea
of something sweet!
We would love to go with you.
Hooray! Babi loves sweets, too!
[NEMESIS] It's the most
delicious time of year
for peaches!
Babi can't have sweets without
this to balance the flavor!
With hot sauce? Really?
True to her name, Babylon has
a blasphemous way about her,
even while eating.
[laughing] You're right
about that, it's true.
[NEMESIS] Ten more peach
tarts here, please!
But Nemesis has her
beat on sheer quantity.
So much food.
I know. So much food.
Bye! We should totally
form a party one day!
Yes we should!
Sounds like fun!
You ready?
Let's do this,
time to level you up!
[WOLF A whines]
[RAY panting]
At this rate, I'll be all
the way up to level 13
by the end of the day. Then,
we can move on to a mor‐‐
[RAY gasping]
[RAY]
What just happened?
[NEMESIS]
Master!
[RAY grunts, yells]
[NEMESIS]
Counter Absorption!
[RAY gasps]
[RAY] A monster?
No, that can't be right.
A monster's name would
show up on my HUD.
[NEMESIS]
Master, this fiend...
[RAY]
A monster‐shaped Embryo...
It's a Guardian!
[PLAYERS screaming]
Are those all players screaming?
[RAY]
A PK, a player killer!
[NEMESIS]
Master, retreat!
[RAY grunts]
First Heal!
I don't understand why
there are more victims,
the Guardian's dead,
so who's attacking them?
[NEMESIS] It must be a
Guardian's high‐rank offshoot,
Type Legion.
It can swarm, but individual
units perform poorly.
[RAY] That's performing poorly?
Impressive.
[NEMESIS]
Master!
No!
[GUARDIAN A roars]
I guess that wasn't too bad.
Crap. It's him.
[NEMESIS]
Run, Master!
[gasps]
[REIJI]
Damn it!
[NEMESIS]
Master, you're back.
[gasps]
Hello again.
‐‐I'm sorry.
‐‐[NEMESIS] Stop.
I'm the one who
should apologize.
If I'd been stronger,
I wouldn't have lost against
another Embryo, but I
wasn't, and I failed you.
Please, don't say that‐‐
it's not true.
You shielding me is the only
reason I made it that far!
You're wrong! It doesn't matter.
I should have been stronger!
That was terrifying.
If you hadn't been a player,
then you would... you would
have been lost forever.
And that scares me.
It scares me to death.
[NEMESIS cries]
[RAY] Nemesis. I understand
where you're coming from.
But listen.
The truth is, both of us
were in way over our heads.
Master...
But here we are, alive,
and we get to try again.
We'll grow stronger together,
and then we'll have our revenge!
Goodness, you really are
clingy, you know that?
Honestly. It's a bit much.
But you're absolutely right.
And there's still a
path for us to follow!
Whoever that Master
is will definitely pay
for what they've done to us!
That's right! They'll pay!
You ready, Master?
Come on, let's get super strong!
Then, no matter what happens, no
one will be able to separate us!
All right! I believe
in us, Nemesis!
This moment right now, this is
the moment we really begin!
I know I said we
should get stronger,
but why does it have to be here?
A bunch of player killers
have shown up near
the royal capital all at once.
The only place they
haven't appeared is
at the Tomb Labyrinth
inside the royal cemetery.
[NEMESIS]
But from what I can tell,
there aren't any other
players here, either.
Yeah, well, that's most
likely because players
first have to obtain 100,000
lir permit to gain entrance.
[RAY]
Uhh...
[GATEKEEPER A]
You may enter.
[RAY]
Don't you wanna see my permit?
No, Paladins aren't
required to have a permit.
[RAY]
Ah! That cost 100,000 lir!
I'm not gonna worry about
all that money for now.
Shall we? Nemesis, could you
transform into a sword‐‐
[NEMESIS] I'm not scared.
I'm not scared.
I'm not scared. I'm not scared.
I'm not scared...
Yeah, so, by any chance,
are you scared of ghosts?
[NEMESIS screams]
[NEMESIS] Namu Amida,
abracadabra. Elohim, Essaim
dear Cthulhu please take me now!
Cthulhu, pardon her sacrilege.
[RAY] Hey. Go figure, it's
actually pretty nice in here.
[NEMESIS]
You're right. This I can handle.
Okay, monsters,
say your prayers‐‐
[MONSTERS moaning]
[NEMESIS]
I don't like this at all!
[RAY] Whoa! Will you try
to calm down, please!
[NEMESIS]
You're planning on using me to
slice them up, aren't you?
Obviously, that's
what I plan on doing!
Ready? Let's go get em!
[NEMESIS screaming]
[MONSTERS groaning]
[NEMESIS whines]
[NEMESIS whimpers] That rotten
flesh. And those maggots...
Okay, you can stop crying now.
Cheer up, that fight
got me to level seven!
[NEMESIS whines]
[sighs] I'll give you a
nice thorough polishing
when we get back.
[NEMESIS]
You promise?
Looks like this is all
for the first floor.
[NEMESIS] Master,
someone's coming upstairs.
[RAY gasps]
[RAY, NEMESIS]
Counter Absorption!
[NEMESIS] What will it be,
Master... Fight? Or run?
[RAY] I can use Counter
Absorption one more time.
But if they block that,
I'm all out of options.
If I run, they'll just go for
my back, and I'll die anyway.
Can't do that.
[NEMESIS]
Understood, Master.
[RAY]
I'm betting it all on one thing:
I'll block their attack after
they show themselves
and then I'll deal twice the
damage of their second blow!
[FIGARO]
I'm so sorry!
Uh? Who are you?
[RAY] So, you mean you were
thinking that I was the monster?
I truly am sorry.
[RAY laughs]
Well, I suppose from that angle
and with the back light,
I might look a little monstery.
You think?
[FIGARO] What are you
doing on an upper floor
all by yourself, anyway?
Me? Just your basic grinding.
It would be quite a bit
safer to fight outdoors
if you're still at a low level.
Oh, you didn't know?
There are player killers
all over the royal capital.
It's unusable.
I had no idea there
were player killers,
but I've been in here
for five days.
Five days?
Why have you been hanging
out in here for so long?
I wanted to go down as far
as I could all on my own.
I did fairly well. I set
a new record this time.
How far down did
you manage to go?
[FIGARO]
To floor 48.
[BOTH]
By yourself?!
And just who might you be?
Oh! I haven't introduced
myself, have I?
The name's Figaro.
‐‐[RAY] Hi! My name's Ray.
‐‐[FIGARO] Pleasure.
This is my Embryo, Nemesis.
Uh. Wait a minute.
You're like, top‐ranking Figaro?
Yep. That's the one.
Why would someone like you
be in a place like this?
I like labyrinths.
I'm a big fan of arenas, too.
Arenas?
[FIGARO] The kingdom has some
in Gideon, the Duel City.
You can die in an arena
without actually dying.
You should come by
and try it sometime!
Okay?
Gideon's located right over
the southern mountains,
so it's not terribly far.
Oh, all the maps are
probably locked right now
If passage to and from
Gideon has been cut off...
What a bother.
You know, I owe you for earlier,
so please don't worry.
I'll take care of this.
The outside should be
usable by tomorrow.
Then, you can get those levels
up and head on over to Gideon.
Yeah. Sure!
I can tell the two of
you are really good.
Huh?
You took my blow without
getting destroyed, right?
I like you!
And I wouldn't mind an arena
bout with you before too long.
That sounds great!
It's a deal, then.
Yes! It's time for us to
go level up like crazy!
Let's get grinding!
[NEMESIS cries]
[NEMESIS] I can feel more
of their grody flesh
stuck on me down
there, and I hate it.
Okay, then. I'll get it.
[NEMESIS] Oh, there's more
flesh, right there...
[RAY]
Yep. I got it.
[NEMESIS]
And more there, too!
[NEMESIS whines]
[RAY]
"Superior."